New UnsafeDeserialization sink and improvements to SnakeYaml sink (#4603)
github/codeql: java/change-notes/2020-11-04-commonslang-unsafe-deserialization-sinks.md

lgtm,codescanning

> * The Unsafe Deserialization queries have been improved to recognize unsafe Apache Commons Lang(3)? methods.

Reviewer: There is just one, right? Also, the question mark seems questionable.
```suggestion
* The query "Deserialization of user-controlled data" (`java/unsafe-deserialization`) has been improved to recognize unsafe Apache Commons Lang(3) methods.
```
